Change default `baseBranch` in `changeset init` from `master` to `main` (#776)
changesets/changesets: .changeset/funny-cooks-clap.md

---
"@changesets/cli": patch
---

> Change default `baseBranch` in `changeset init` from `master` to `main`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`changeset init` will now configure `baseBranch: "main"` in the `.changeset/config.json` as the default value.
```
